V - IN OUR WAKE
- JOSEPH: I heard the same thing
happened in Guyenne.
The rats...
The Bite that poisons your blood.
It seemed far from us.
- HUGO: Bird... Wait...
- LUCAS: Hey...
Are you dreaming?
- HUGO: Are we there?
- LUCAS: No, but it shouldn't be long.
- AMICIA: Hey...
Don't look at that.
- HUGO: Why not?
It won't make them go away.
It won't undo it.
- AMICIA: Hugo, you were having a seizure.
- HUGO: I don't want to go to Marseille.
More people will die, you know it!
- AMICIA: Mother wants you to...
- HUGO: No!
The island.
It's where I must go.
It's where I will be fixed, Amicia.
We can find it, please!
Nobody listens!
I told Mother I felt unwell
but the Magister shushed me.
He said that it was part of the test.
Mother and the Magister
they think they know but they don't.
And people died...
Because of me...
- AMICIA: Hey hey hey...
I know.
I will do what's good for you.
I will.
- BÉATRICE: Lucas...
Go see the captain with Hugo.
- LUCAS: Sure.
- BÉATRICE: He will show you
how to pilot the boat.
- LUCAS: I'll ask him
if he can teach us sailor's knots.
And maybe he'll let us steer.
- HUGO: Yes.
- BÉATRICE: We need
to get him to safety, Amicia.
- AMICIA: You want to lock him away again.
It's not the same thing.
- BÉATRICE: You've seen what happens.
The Order has people and equipment.
They know how to handle this.
- AMICIA: This... happened because of
what you and this Vaudin did to Hugo.
Mother...
Shutting him away and keeping up
with this torture will kill him
He's a child, he's a victim of all this too.
- BÉATRICE: He's my chilld!
We are not enemies, Amicia.
I know you love Hugo dearly and I know
you two share a bond that I cannot truly understand.
But you need to open your eyes.
What happened back there will happen again.
- AMICIA: You're right.
You just don't understand.
- JOSEPH: The debris!
It's all piled up here.
- AMICIA: I'm going to take a look.
- LUCAS: I think I see the problem.
- AMICIA: We'll take care of it together.
- JOSEPH: Alright, kids.
I'll let you handle this.
- AMICIA: Hey.
You can go back inside if you want.
- HUGO: No, it's alright.
- AMICIA: I won't let you down.
I told you.
For now, we'll get that boat moving.
But it's not over yet.
- HUGO: Yes... Go on.
- AMICIA: Thank you.
- LUCAS: Look.
There's a lot of debris stuck under the hull.
Do we pull it out?
- AMICIA: That would take too long.
Maybe we can just push it?
- LUCAS: Well... Let's try.
- AMICIA: Ready?
- LUCAS: Yes.
- AMICIA: Then... Push!
(EFFORT GRUNTS)
- JOSEPH: Oh shit! You'll have to catch up.
- LUCAS: What?
- HUGO: Amicia!
Follow us!
- BÉATRICE: We'll wait for you downstream.
- AMICIA: Come on. Let's find a way around.
- LUCAS: Well, I hope
Joseph will find a way to stop.
(CROWS CRAWLING)
- AMICIA: There're so many dead.
They didn't deserve this.
- LUCAS: It's a tragedy.
I've never thought that...
- AMICIA: It's too late for that.
But... this island.
Hugo said it will fix all this.
So we'll.
- LUCAS: How?
- AMICIA: The question is: where?
We have to find it.
- LUCAS: What about your mother?
- AMICIA: I don't care.
But you will have to pick a side.
- LUCAS: She's...
...my Magistra.
- AMICIA: A passage. Here.
Follow me.
Here's the river.
There they are.
- LUCAS: Goodness.
It's even worse from above.
- AMICIA: That smell is terrible.
We must take Hugo away from this.
- JOSEPH: Hey, they're up there.
- HUGO: Amicia! Come back!
- AMICIA: We're coming!
- BÉATRICE: There's a path going down.
- HUGO: Be quick!
- AMICIA: Yes! He's getting scared. Let's go.
What's that?
No no no!
- LUCAS: What the hell?
- AMICIA: It's them!
- LUCAS: They're already here?
- HUGO: Get away, Amicia!
- JOSEPH: Shit!
- BÉATRICE: Stay back!
- AMICIA: Oh... (BREATHING HEAVILY)
We're... We're safe... I think...
- LUCAS: That was really close.
- HUGO: Are you alright?
- AMICIA: Yes, don't worry.
- BÉATRICE: She's fine, Hugo.
Look, they-they're both fine.
- HUGO: Yes... But the rats...
- AMICIA: We know how to do it.
We're coming.
- LUCAS: Well... Where do we start?
- AMICIA: There're braziers on the other side.
That bale of hay looks like it would burn...
Come on, run!
Whew... Alright... That's the first step.
- LUCAS: We're surrounded.
- AMICIA: There has to be a way.
With those cranks...
- LUCAS: Yes.
If they can move rubble around then...
And this one has a crank!
- AMICIA: We should give it a try.
Lucas, that's the job for you.
- LUCAS: Fine.
It's working.
The hay's moving.
- AMICIA: Yes, this could allow us to cross.
You saw that hole...
What they're capable of now.
- LUCAS: They tore down entire city.
- AMICIA: It will happen again
if we keep ignoring Hugo's feelings.
Hay won't be enough...
Hah... Yes...
- LUCAS: Brillian!
- AMICIA: We're getting there.
There's another crank.
I think I can help you across.
- LUCAS: Yes, try to move
that hay bale towards me.
I'll be able to light it.
- AMICIA: It's coming...
All this mess just to get to Marseille.
- LUCAS: It's truly worth it.
- AMICIA: It's not.
And Hugo doesn't believe in it anymore.
- LUCAS: Yes. I can understand
why he feels that way.
- AMICIA: I'm there.
- LUCAS: Hold it there.
- AMICIA: I am.
- LUCAS: Here I come.
- AMICIA: Let's keep moving.
- HUGO: Amicia!
- AMICIA: We're on our way, Hugo!
He's still scared.
I have to get to him quickly.
- LUCAS: Your mother's there.
- AMICIA: She's lost, Lucas.
And he knows it.
- LUCAS: Well...
Let's get you back on that boat quickly.
We'll use that crank again.
- AMICIA: Yes.
Lucas, that's up to you.
- LUCAS: Straight away.
Amicia...
You should tell her what's on you mind.
- AMICIA: About what?
- LUCAS: That island...
I know you...
- AMICIA: I told you. You have to pick a side.
- LUCAS: Done. Tell me when to let go.
- AMICIA: Now! I'm going!
Come on. Move it!
(ROPE SNAPS)
What? No no no no. What do I do?
- LUCAS: Catch this!
Strike the ground with this.
Go to those stairs.
- AMICIA: Whoa... Wh-What is this?
- LUCAS: Hurry, it won't last long.
- AMICIA: Back! Get back!
They don't like it.
(SIGH OF RELIEF)
What was that?
- LUCAS: Pyrite. A mineral.
I just grabbed some on the way.
- AMICIA: Well, it saved my life.
Thank you.
- LUCAS: I expected sparks but... not this.
- AMICIA: I'll need more.
- LUCAS: Keep an eye out for it.
- AMICIA: Alright. My turn to get you across.
Oh... it seems to go all the way around.
Hang on, Lucas.
- LUCAS: Take your time.
As long as they won't climb up here.
- AMICIA: Yes.
Come on, come on, come on!
Made it!
- LUCAS: Well done.
See anything that can get me to you?
- AMICIA: This'll do nicely.
- LUCAS: Yes, nice throw.
- AMICIA: Nice catch.
- LUCAS: Alright... My turn.
Goodness... (BREATHING HEAVILY)
- AMICIA: You can make it, just keep running.
- LUCAS: Yes... They're just rats, huh...
I know rats... Yes...
So what am I waiting for?
There...
Go... Go!
Yahhhhh...
- AMICIA: Run! Don't think!
- LUCAS: Not thinking...
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh...
- AMICIA: Yes, you run pretty fast.
- LUCAS: (PANTING) Thanks.
(PANTING) There's nothing like... (PANTING)
Good motivation (PANTING)
I'm stuck!
This thing is locked.
- AMICIA: I'll take care of it.
Now we got another haybale here...
I light it up, we run.
- LUCAS: Alright.
- AMICIA: Stay warm.
- LUCAS: Now!
- AMICIA: Come on, come on!
- LUCAS: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh...
- AMICIA: We did it (PANTING)
I like your "battle cry", by the way.
- LUCAS: (PANTING)
Thank you.
It helps me build up speed.
I suppose.
- AMICIA: We're close.
Breathe.
- LUCAS: I'm... (PANTING) trying...
- AMICIA: Good... We're almost there.
- LUCAS: Let's hope Marseille is different.
- AMICIA: Once the Order gets their hands
on Hugo we'll be too late.
- LUCAS: Amicia,
they can't all be like Vaudin.
- AMICIA: We can't take the chance
to see if you're right.
- HUGO: Amicia!
I was scared.
- AMICIA: You know me... Come on.
I always make it back.
- BÉATRICE: I told him as much.
Still, it's good to see you both safe.
- JOSEPH: Sorry to interrupt,
but we should move on.
And there's a damn chain blocking us.
- AMICIA: We'll take care of it.
- LUCAS: The crank here
was connected to the chain.
- AMICIA: Let's see what it does.
Lucas, that's your job.
- LUCAS: Naturally.
It controls a ferry.
- JOSEPH: We don't need a ferry!
We need that chain loose.
- LUCAS: There's nothing on our side.
It's stuck!
- AMICIA: Maybe on the other side.
The ferry could take me there.
- JOSEPH: It's a bloody mess
under that pontoon.
There must be something
jamming the chain.
- LUCAS: How do we get down there?
- AMICIA: We'll find a way.
Lucas, can you handle it?
- LUCAS: Of course.
So...
Is there a passage?
- AMICIA: There's a hole.
I'm going in.
- LUCAS: Be careful.
- AMICIA: (GASPS) Oh Lord!
- BÉATRICE: Are you all right?
- AMICIA: I'm... Er... I'm fine!
- HUGO: There're dead people everywhere!
Get out!
- AMICIA: No! It's going to be alright.
Forgive me! (GASPS)
(GASPS) No... Oh please, no...
I'm sorry, I have to do it.
Please, forgive me.
I-I must do this.
It's done. Give it a try!
- LUCAS: You did it!
I'm getting the ferry to you.
- AMICIA: Yes, please!
- HUGO: Come back!
- AMICIA: On my way!
- HUGO: It must have been horrible!
- AMICIA: Yes.
- LUCAS: Are you all right?
Ready?
- AMICIA: I need air... (EXHALES)
- LUCAS: Take your time.
Tell me when you're ready.
- AMICIA: You can stop now.
- LUCAS: Right.
- HUGO: I'm sorry, Amicia.
I'm scared.
- AMICIA: Don't be.
It's not your fault.
- BÉATRICE: You'll be alright in Marseille, Hugo.
- HUGO: I don't want to go to the Order!
- BÉATRICE: Magiter Vaudin
was not a nice man, I know.
But this will be different.
- AMICIA: His island, Mother.
- BÉATRICE: Not now, Amicia!
- AMICIA: Fine!
Alright, one way or another,
that chain has to go.
- JOSEPH: See anything?
- AMICIA: I'm looking!
There has to be something here.
That could work.
Lucas, get away from the chain...
- LUCAS: Wow...
- HUGO: Amicia... No!
- LUCAS: Are you hurt?
- AMICIA: What the hell?
- BÉATRICE: Answer!
- AMICIA: I'm fine!
Just almost got crushed.
- HUGO: How will she get back?
- JOSEPH: Right, the chain's gone
but so are the pontoons.
I'll dock at the bridge's floodgate.
- AMICIA: Lucas, can you make it there?
- LUCAS: I'll find a way.
- AMICIA: Alright, I'm on my way.
- HUGO: Be careful!
- BÉATRICE: Stay safe!
- AMICIA: Yes... yes...
I don't care about being safe...
This is all about Hugo, Mother...
I know you don't trust me...
But just listen to him!
Calm down.
Focus.
Lord... How do I cross that thing.
Yet another mess.
Calm down.
You're troubled.
And you know why... The island.
You're figure it out later.
Stay focused.
Good. That's the step.
- HUGO: Lucas??
Where are you??
- AMICIA: Mother...
Is Lucas still not with you?
- BÉATRICE: No, we've lost sight of him.
- AMICIA: How?? What is he doing?
I should be able to get back now.
Come here, I need you.
That should work.
- BÉATRICE: Lucas?
- AMICIA: Let's go.
Good. Find an island...
How're you going to do that?
Maybe ask Joseph?
Discreetly.
- LUCAS: Help!
- AMICIA: What the hell?
- JOSEPH: Oh no! There're those men!
- AMICIA: Leave him alone!
- JOSEPH: Just aim and shoot!
Use the crank handle to reload.
- AMICIA: Alright.
- LUCAS: Let me go!
- AMICIA: How do you like that?
- AMICIA: Lucas! Are you alright?
- LUCAS: I'm... I'm shaking like hell!
Thank you!
There're too many rats!
I can't get to you!
- BÉATRICE: Amicia, clear a path for him.
- AMICIA: How?
- BÉATRICE: Place an Ignifer
on the tip of your bolts.
Fire them into anything wooden.
It will keep the bolt burning.
- AMICIA: Sure.
Lucas, I'll tell you when the way is clear.
- LUCAS: Got it!
Yes, that will do.
I can almost see a way through.
- AMICIA: Done. You can come.
- LUCAS: Yes... Brillian... On my way...
- AMICIA: Are you alright?
- LUCAS: Yes... I think my blood is frozen.
But thank you for not missing.
They were from the same group
as in the arena, Amicia.
- BÉATRICE: What happened in the arena?
And who is this Arnaud?
- JOSEPH: He's a big problem you have now.
We must leave!
(HORSE SNORES)
- ARNAUD: So here's
the famous girl with the sling.
But it seems you're pretty versatile
when it comes to killing my men.
- AMICIA: Let's go, now!
- ARNAUD: Yeah...
Try that.
- JOSEPH: This is bad!
- HUGO: What's going on?
- JOSEPH: What did you do to them?
- AMICIA: I just defended myself!
- BÉATRICE: Amicia, come inside with us!
- AMICIA: No! Someone has to cover Joseph.
- BÉATRICE: Don't be foolish!
There're too many of them!
- AMICIA: It's fine!
Don't worry about me!
- HUGO: Be careful, Amicia!
- AMICIA: I will. Keep hiding.
We'll get through it.
- JOSEPH: On your right!
- AMICIA: On it!
Ha! Who's next?
We gotta get away from here!
- JOSEPH: Damn! They blocked us!
Shoot that cart on fire.
Use your... fire bolt...
They're coming!
- AMICIA: Burn... Burn! Goddammit!
It's taking too long!
- BÉATRICE: Amicia! Come here, NOW!
- AMICIA: Enough, Mother!
There we go.
How do you like that?
- JOSEPH: Lord... this is madness!
More on the right!
The Wall is sending everything he's got!
You've started a damn war!
- AMICIA: I never asked for this!
But I'll end this Arnaud pig if I must!
- SOLDIER: We'll get them at the bridge!
Tell the men they're coming!
- AMICIA: Do that!
Tell them they're already dead!
(SOLDIERS SCREAMING)
- SOLDIER: Ready... Aim... Fire!
- JOSEPH: That bridge is crowded!
- AMICIA: They're an army.
- JOSEPH: More than you can kill!
- AMICIA: Burn in hell! All of you!
That's for me and my brother!
And all the others!
- JOSEPH: Alright, alright...
That was all impressive.
But you should calm down a bit.
We're out of the gorge.
Current's getting stronger.
- AMICIA: Focus on the bar
and leave them to me.
- JOSEPH: You're doing good, lady.
That crossbow was made for you.
- AMICIA: No!
- BÉATRICE: What's going on?
- AMICIA: Joseph's dead.
Get back inside. Protect Hugo.
Ah... Bastards.
- BÉATRICE: Come inside!
- AMICIA: They got us.
I'm gonna free the boat!
- BÉATRICE: Enough! They'll kill you!
- AMICIA: They'll die first!
Go back inside unless you wanna fight!
You stay away from my family!
Stay back! I'll kill the lot of you!
- SOLDIER: Attack! Focus on the girl!
We'll get the rest later!
- AMICIA: You think you have every right, huh?
- SOLDIER: Push forward!
She's alone!
- AMICIA: Where's your leader?
Where's this Arnaud?
Come face me!
- SOLDIER: Come on people!
She's just one crazy girl!
- AMICIA: Yes... Come... See what happens.
- SOLDIER: I'll get you sweety!
That's all of them.
Now... yes... Free the boat...
Cut those ropes.
(BREATHING HEAVILIY)
- ARNAUD: Not that easy!
So what will you do now?
- AMICIA: No...
- ARNAUD: I'm here...
Now show me how you fight
a fully armoured warrior.
Why are you running?
I came for you!
- AMICIA: Can't hurt him... Run!
- AMICIA: The boat... Lose him...
Come back for the ropes.
- ARNAUD: Just like you asked.
- ARNAUD: Look at you!
So unprepared!
You're good at killing.
I'll give you that! But what now?
- AMICIA: No... No no!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Keep... moving...
- ARNAUD: If you kill,
be ready to be killed.
It's only fair, no?
- AMICIA: Don't... panic!
Stop shaking!
Don't let him get to you!
Hah... Go back...
You can still do this!
The boat... Yes!
- ARNAUD: Ha! Enjoy the view.
- AMICIA: No... No!
Go to hell!
- ARNAUD: What's the matter?
I thought you wanted to die?
That's it!
Bury yourself.
Just like you.
I'll catch you anyway.
- AMICIA: You're safe.
(BREATHING HEAVILY) For now... Breathe!
- ARNAUD: The girl's in here somewhere.
See if you can find her.
- SOLDIER: Where are you going?
- ARNAUD: To take care of her family.
- AMICIA: No... bastard!
- SOLDIER 1: Let's make this quick, girl.
Come out. I won't hurt you!
I promise.
- AMICIA: Need to get to the boat before him.
Move damn quick. Don't let him...
Do something, now!
- SOLDIER 2: He's dead.
The killer can't be far.
- AMICIA: No!
- SOLDIER: There!
- AMICIA: Quick! Run!
I'm too far away...
No! If you touch them... I...
Hugo, Lucas... Faster!
- SOLDIER: Get her!
- AMICIA: Stop right there!
- ARNAUD: Oh... So we're done playing?
- AMICIA: I'll give you a game.
- HUGO: Amicia, no!
- ARNAUD: Stay where you are
or you're next!
- HUGO: We must help her!
- ARNAUD: Last lesson...
If you want to be reckless...
...be better than that.
- BÉATRICE: Ah... Hugo!
- ARNAUD: Look at that!
Reinforcements!
(GROUND RUMBLING)
(SCREECHING SOUND)
- AMICIA: Hugo...
Calm down... They're gone.
- HUGO: You won't die, will you?
- AMICIA: No.
- BÉATRICE: Come back!
We don't have much time!
What're you doing?
Amicia?
Ami...
Amicia, what're you doing?
What... what are you doing?
- AMICIA: How about... we go out to sea...
Just the two of us.
Let's go find your island.